C-goals: 

Design a basic UI for your game-ified Alterna-canvas.  At this level, the UI only needs to focus on one student, and one course. 

Develop a gameification concept, and display the student's status within this game as of Oct 13th, 2023.  Is your gameification concept a points or rewards system, a character on a quest through a castle, ... be creative! 

In your UI, students need to be able to accomplish the following basic tasks.  

Students need to be able to view the syllabus
Students need to be able to view all announcements- with new announcements highlighted so students will see them.  
Students need to be able to view a list of presentations and other course materials, organized by modules.   
Students need to be able to see upcoming assignments
Students need to be able to see their progress in the course- use your gameification approach
Your game-ification concept should be clear in this UI. You should pay attention to graphic design principles- layout, color, text presentation- in your UI.  

B-goals:

Add to your C-goals the following functionalities: 

Students need to be able to submit assignments.  Submission needs to have text entry and document upload options
* you do not have to have full document upload functionality in your UI, but you should have an option for doing so that could be connected in "future work" to a working document upload feature.  
Students need to be able to access course materials- view or download presentations
Students need to be able to view their grades on assignments, and their grade in the course so far, according to the instructor's grade weighting scheme. 
Students need to be able to plan their work- using a calendar or to-do list.  
Students need a Zoom connection option, but this feature does not need to be fully functional, leaving as "future work" connecting to Zoom.  
As students do tasks in this class, the UI should update to reflect their progress in the class, using your gameification approach.  You should be able to perform a sequence of tasks for the student, and see changes in the UI.   

A-goals:

A rich, fully featured UI for all three courses.  All three courses for a mock student should be displayed, either in one page that integrates this information, or a set of sub pages/menus/regions on the screen. How will your gameification concept apply over multiple courses?  
Develop several mock students to show how your UI motivates them to perform better, or celebrates their success.  
Add a simulation that runs over the semester, to highlight how your page functions and updates for an example student over a length of time. 
Excellent use of visual design principles, which shows thoughtful work in designing the UI.  